Hey how's it going it's good to see you
a lot of you guys have been asking me
about if I'm going to create it when do
I leave for Korea am I going to worlds
are they gonna be interviews people want
coverage for this channel that is so
cool I've been streaming a bunch
recently and one of the things that
happened was so many people were asking
me about this that I had to create a
command in the chat exclamation mark
readjust so that like I didn't have to
answer it every five minutes I just want
to say thank you all for wanting that
content so much it makes me feel really
good to know that so many people want to
see me cover worlds and get those
interviews out to you and do all that
stuff I've been covering worlds since
season two since 2012 and I would be
really sad to not be able to make it up
until now I've only been able to say I
don't know what's happening more that
I'm working on it
but today today I can officially
announce I am going on October 7th
making in time for groups with Brodin
been covering worlds we're gonna be in
groups and quarters all throughout Busan
we're gonna be having interviews going
up that's all that stuff I'm I'm a
little we're gonna be honest I'm a
little worried because group stages
eight days in a row so I'm worried I
might attack frodan at some point in
time he's he's a dangerous man but you
know who else will be there doublelift
and I just want to show you I got this
as a gift recently Offaly got me this
there's two other pictures in them but
I'm gonna be with these gents I'm a
little bit concerned about North
America's ability to make it out of
groups I hope that I can keep
interviewing the whatever the point is
I'm going I want to tell you how I'm
going because this is really quite cool
it is really expensive as you guys might
know because I talked about this at MSI
to cover it these international events
because it's not just me I'm bringing a
video person over and there's airplanes
and hotels and cabs and food and it all
adds up and then sometimes I need to buy
gear it just it's expensive and so I
knew there was no way I was gonna be
able to do worlds without a sponsor
and that is why that is why I'm super
excited to announce that you gigi is
coming in as the sponsor for my world
coverage you may know them because they
sponsor doublelift who you may have
heard of can they reached out to me and
I kind of reach out to them and it was
kind of like a mutual thing where we
started talking like maybe there's a way
we could do something together and we
realized that worlds is a great fit
because you get to watch the best
players in the world Duke it out you
might see a new champion who knows
what's gonna play you know we saw
Heimerdinger earlier this year I I think
there's a great chance that we're gonna
see Teemo just dominate them stay but
but you know they are a still is big pre
patchy you see a whole crazy matter you
got to figure out like how how can i
play these champions and so when you're
watching Worlds and you're trying to
figure out you know like I want to do
that thing that reckless is doing or
doublelift is doing or fake faker other
people are doing you know you can you
can go over to you GG and and check it
out
in fact I I want to show you this here
I'm just gonna one second all right I'm
switching I switched the computer now
because I actually just I want to show
you this site if you are in champion
select and you need to figure out like
how a certain champion works or whatever
you've got very limited time to figure
this out and you just you never want to
lose a champion select again here's what
you gotta do you got to go to uggg which
i have conveniently right here this is
their landing page it just lands
straight on this page and what's so
close you just type in like let's say
you're watching Guzzi play Vayne and
you're like I gotta learn I gotta learn
how to play Vayne like Izzy I want to do
that I'm you know I suddenly got forced
on ADC and he's super cool you just type
in vein and boom right here you've got
all the information you need there's
recommended runes
there's build stuff on here abilities
all the stuff so gives you like
literally the game plan right in front
of you and you can change like the
filter so if you only want to see you
know like master like challenger master
level players you can see what they do
differently there's even like a pro
build section where you can go through
and like see what a bunch of different
pros are doing counters all sorts of
great information right there and again
like all you do is you just go to the
site you type in the champion name it's
great if you if you want to help me out
you appreciate what they're doing for
worlds just do me a favor right now look
in the description of the video right
below this I've got a link to their
website that you know obviously you know
they want to see if anybody on my
youtube channel is checking this stuff
out you click the link type in a
champion just do a search and check the
site out for yourself that's super
helpful for me because again like these
guys are sending me to Worlds it's super
fantastic and then by the way like
they've got a ton of other stuff you can
follow them on Twitter and Instagram
just made a list for myself here Twitter
and Instagram and also if you jump into
their discord you can give product
feedback they're like that's the cool
thing these guys just listen to the
community if you see something you don't
like or you've got a question or
something's weird like just hop in there
and talk to them I know that you guys
are great about this like I think I have
like the coolest audience and viewers
that like tweeting at brands and telling
them they think you know happy for
sponsoring me or for trying other
products or giving them product feedback
so please do that and again I'm so
excited I get to go to Korea I will
hopefully not attack Broden by the end
of those eight days we're gonna find out
well you'll probably find out in vlogs
we're gonna do a bunch of coverage you
guys remember my world stuff from China
last year we're gonna watch it in a win
and and all that stuff is gonna be
happening so just stay tuned this
channels gonna light up with worlds
interviews and just a short time as Fred
and I head over to Korea and thanks so
much to you GG for sending us cuz that
like I don't think we could have done
this without them so thanks so much
again
you
[Music]